our next guest is a nice flow of meat or
a meat straw for short as I call him his
great new cook book is called barbecue
25 you'll not find a better or simpler
guide to steak chicken ribs and other
delicious animal parts anywhere from
Daisy Mays BBQ USA in New York City
please welcome Adam Perry Lang hello
Adam well the book is fantastic i've
been reading it over and over again you
know I enjoy a little barbecue and what
are you gonna show us how to do I know I
wrote the book because after the
hundreds of course you wrote this I
wrote the parade I wrote this book after
the hundreds of questions that I've had
um these 25 recipes came kept popping up
up and up again so I wanted to do a book
that you can wipe thats windproof you
know it is actually not only can you
wipe it if you get like sauce on it you
can lick the book i totally lickable I
mean princess you see if you get sauce
on days it's quite delicious yeah so
okay so we got some rips your what kind
of ribs are these these are baby back
remind back ribs okay let me teach how
to make a rub which is really more like
just a spice plan people call it rub you
know you don't typically rub the meat
but this is what you do yes I do can you
put the ingredients in them okay all in
the bowl yeah all right garlic sold the
whole thing or what yeah exactly okay
garlic sold hmm little cumin tiger I'm
chili powder black pepper I've got it
really done right over here okay yeah
you know what don't do this again at
home where you just dumped a mix it
together all right okay look now this is
the technique I call season like rain
note okay so what you're gonna do and I
was I usually rind it in there no not
like the right thing to do no you want
you want the smoke that kind of get in
it you don't want to get crazy with it
pack it in make it rain like the
rapper's do right keep the membrane I
keep the membrane are you keep the
memory no you don't pull that thing off
it holds it together you want to make it
tender so those things that a lot of
people do I don't it's not necessary
okay all right great you can try it
seasoned a little bit look at that a
season like brings it's not nice and you
keep you do a lot of it or just yeah you
can because at the end it falls off no
let's do that yeah all right so when
you're done with that it's a three-step
process this is like if I could do be DQ
1 this is
the number-one barbecue recipe people
ask for ribs pork ribs baby back ribs so
oh wait a min i forgot about that is the
that's the was at a loin yeah that's the
pork loin that God that you scored
earlier where'd you sit you see what
happens to dad is beautiful the
increases the surface area and it just
really kind of gets all that flavor in
there right that is nice Oh we'll eat
that late oh I'll leave that whole thing
right now believe me all right so we
throw the ribs on the green a right
which is a great item now it's amazing
so versatile I love it so you put the
ribs on there close it up let it go for
like two hours let the flavor get in
there and just flip it over at some
power just leave it big really yeah
don't even talk it over whatever like
two hours you got something like this
okay uh-huh so it's still kind of you
know you can kind of feel it it's not
quite dunk and you overcook a baby back
ribs you can they'll fall off the bone
which a lot of people say oh it's fall
off the bone but there's a point at
which just a little bit too much okay
you want to keep a little bit on the
bone exactly all right what's it like
when you bite it you know it's for just
to kind of pull away clean okay